{\rtf1\mac\deff0 \uc1 {\fonttbl{\f0\fnil \fcharset1 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman \fcharset1 Palatino;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\s0\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 Normal Text;}}\viewkind1\paperw12240\paperh15820\margt720\margl720\margb840\margr720\pard \plain\f0\fs20\cf0\par \par Name\:___________________________________                                                     Student ID\:__________________________\par \par \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 1) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Trade benefits a country by\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 increasing the wage rate.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 increasing available consumption choices.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 increasing the real income of all resource owners.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 reducing the relative price of the exported good. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 reducing the need for specialization in production.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 2) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 In the U.S. economy over the last half\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 century, \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 trade\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 based technological change has been associated with a lower relative cost of skilled workers, leading to increasing skilled\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 unskilled employment ratios in all sectors.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 trade\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 based technological change has been associated with a higher relative price of high\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 tech goods, leading to increasing skilled\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 unskilled employment ratios in all sectors. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 skilled\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 based technological change has been associated with a higher skilled\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 unskilled wage ratio, leading to increasing skilled\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 unskilled employment ratios in all sectors. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 skilled\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 based technological change has been associated with a higher skilled\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 unskilled wage ratio, leading to decreasing skilled\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 unskilled employment ratios in all sectors.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 3) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 International trade has strong effects on income distributions. Therefore, international trade\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 will tend to hurt some groups in each trading country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 will be beneficial to all those engaged in international trade.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 will tend to hurt everyone in both countries.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 is beneficial to everyone in both trading countries.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 will tend to hurt one trading country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 4) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Empirical observations on actual North\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 South trade patterns tend to\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 support the validity of the Rybczynski Theorem.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 support the validity of the Leontief Paradox.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 support the validity of the wage equalization theorem.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 support the validity of the neo\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 imperialism exploitation theory.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 support the validity of the Heckscher\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Ohlin model.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 5) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 An economy with a high relative supply of labor to capital will be relatively better at \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 producing food than an economy with a low relative supply of labor to capital.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 producing food than an economy with a high relative supply of capital to labor.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 producing both cloth and food than an economy with a low relative supply of labor to capital.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 producing cloth than an economy with a low relative supply of labor to capital.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 6) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 In the 2\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 factor, 2\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 good Heckscher\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Ohlin model, the country with a relative abundance of ________ will have a production possibility frontier that is biased toward production of the ________ good.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 land; capital intensive\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 capital; capital intensive\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 land; labor intensive\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 labor; land intensive\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 labor; capital intensive\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 7) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 In the 2\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 factor, 2\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 good Heckscher\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Ohlin model, an influx of workers from across the border would\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 shift the production possibility curve outward and decrease the production of the labor\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 intensive product.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 shift the production possibility curve outward, and increase the production of both goods.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 move the point of production along the production possibility curve.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 shift the possibility curve outward and displace preexisting labor.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 shift the production possibility curve outward and much larger in the direction of the labor\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 intensive product than in the direction of the capital\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 intensive product. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 8) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 In the Heckscher\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Ohlin model, comparative advantage is influenced by the interaction between nations' resources, called ________, and the technology of production, called ________, used in the production of different goods.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 factor resources; factor technology\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 interactive resource; interactive technology\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 relative abundance; relative intensity\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 factor abundance; factor intensity\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 9) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 The Heckscher\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Ohlin theory is also referred to as the \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 endowment theory. \tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 relative abundance theory.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 resource theory.\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 factor\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 proportions theory.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 10) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 The direct effect of a tariff is to make\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 imported goods cheaper inside a country than they are outside the country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 imported goods more expensive inside a country than they are outside the country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 imported goods the same price inside a country as they are outside the country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 imported goods more expensive outside a country than they are inside the country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 11) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 The distinctive feature of tariffs and export subsidies is that \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 they give incentives for importers and exporters. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 they create a difference between prices at which goods are traded on the world market and prices at which those goods can be purchased within a country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 they equalize prices at which goods are traded on the world market and prices at which those goods can be purchased within a country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 they make imported and exported goods cheaper. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 12) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 A country will be able to consume a combination of goods that is NOT attainable solely from domestic production if\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 the world terms of trade equal the domestic relative costs.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 the country avoids international trade.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 the country's domestic production value equals world relative value.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 the country specializes in one product.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 the world terms of trade differ from its domestic relative costs.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 13) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 Which of the following statements is NOT true?\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Export\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 biased growth in the U.S. improves the U.S.'s terms of trade.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Export\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 biased growth in the U.S. worsens the U.S.'s terms of trade.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Export\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 biased growth in the rest of the world improves the U.S.'s terms of trade. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Import\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 biased growth in the U.S. improves the U.S.'s terms of trade.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Import\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 biased growth in the rest of the world worsens the U.S.'s terms of trade.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 14) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 A geographically concentrated industry can facilitate ________ that allow informal exchange of information and ideas at a personal level.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 knowledge spillovers\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 technical gossiping\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 creative commons\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 social gathering\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 15) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 In the presence of external economies of scale, trade \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 will unambiguously worsen welfare in the exporting country and improve welfare in the importing country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 will unambiguously improve welfare in the exporting country and worsen welfare in the importing country.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 will unambiguously improve welfare in both countries.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 may or may not improve welfare in both countries.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 will unambiguously worsen welfare in both countries.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 16) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 If a firm's output less than doubles when all inputs are doubled, production is said to occur under conditions of\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 imperfect competition.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 increasing returns to scale.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 decreasing returns to scale.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 constant returns to scale.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 intra\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 industry equilibrium.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 17) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Internal economies of scale will ________ cost per unit when output is ________ by ________. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 reduce; reduce; the industry\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 reduce; increased; a firm\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 reduce; increased; the industry\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 increase; increased; a firm\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 increase; increased; the industry\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 18) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 In presence of external economies of scale, a country's industry with ________ cumulative output to date will experience a ________ unit cost. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 lower; lower\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 higher; higher\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 higher; lower\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 higher; constant\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 19) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 When economies of scale apply at the level of the industry rather than at the level of the individual firms, they are called\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 mixed economies. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 scope economies.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 internal economies.\tab \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 external economies.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 scale economies. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 20) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 Apart from comparative advantage, ________ can play a key role in determines the pattern of specialization and trade in industries with external economies of scale. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 historical accident\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 natural disasters\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 civil wars\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 decreasing returns to scale\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 21) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 External economies of scale arise when the cost per unit\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 falls as the industry and the average firm grows larger.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 remains constant over a broad range of output.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 rises as the industry grows larger and falls as the average firm grows larger.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 falls as the industry grows larger and rises as the average firm grows larger.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 rises as the industry and the average firm grows larger.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 22) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 One advantage of the specialization that results from international trade is that countries can take advantage of\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 taste reversals.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 production diversification.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 scale economies.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 smaller countries.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr E) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 lower transport costs.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 23) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\ql\li0\ri0\fi0\sb0\sa0\sl0 Because of forward\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f1\fs20\cf0 falling supply curve, China's ________ production output as a result of trade leads to button price that is ________ than the price before trade. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 lower; lower\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 higher; lower\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 lower; higher\tab \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 higher; higher\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 24) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 A cluster of firms may be more efficient than an individual firm in isolation because it can take advantage of \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr A) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 specialized suppliers, government policies, geographical location.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr B) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 labor market pooling, tax policies, internal economies of scale. \par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr C) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 knowledge spillovers, network externalities, government support.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr D) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 specialized suppliers, labor market pooling, and knowledge spillovers.\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\page\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 1) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 B\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 2) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 C\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 3) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 A\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 4) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 E\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 5) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 D\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 6) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 B\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 7) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 E\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 8) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 D\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 9) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 D\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 10) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 B\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 11) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 B\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 12) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 E\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 13) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 A\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 14) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 A\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 15) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 D\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 16) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 C\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 17) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 B\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 18) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 C\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 19) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 D\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 20) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 A\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 21) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 D\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 22) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 C\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 23) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 B\par\pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0\qr 24) \pard \plain\f1\fs20\cf0 D}